To open a new tab, click a link on the left.

To Close a tab, click the 'X' next to the tab name. You can switch between tabs without losing your place by clicking the name of the tab.
Please do NOT use your browser 'Back' button. This will reload the entire page and all tabs will be closed.

File Manager
Our File Manager gives you the ability to manage your content as well as the visual look of your app. Simple's framework will search your 'img' and 'templates' directories before defaulting to our system directories. This allows you to make enhancements to existing forms or upload your own. If you want to revert to a previous version, simply download the version you want and then upload it again.
---img directory
logo.png is displayed in the upper left hand corner for all users. Upload a new logo.png file to use your company logo. You can also upload new icons and customize your site.
---templates directory
PHP forms can be automatically created using App Manager. You may have a need to make changes to existing forms or upload your own. Management of forms is done using our App Manager.

DB Tool
Our database tool allows you to create and edit tables without writing any SQL. Our framework uses certain naming conventions and makes certain assumptions.
---Naming Conventions
Table and column names will be used as identifiers when a form is autogenerated using our App Manager. The framework assumes a capital letter should represent a new word. For instance, 'Mycolumn' will be displayed as 'Mycolumn' in the form. However, 'MyColumn' will display as 'My Column'.
---5 columns used by the system
When you create a new table (let's call it 'Test'), 5 columns are automatically created for you.

    TestID: This autoincremented integer will not be displayed in forms and can be referenced by other tables.
    Test: If TestID is refrenced by another table, the form will display this column to the user.
    Created: Our framework will update this on new insert only.
    LastModified: A timestamp representing the last update to the record.
    Notes: We pass notes around. For instance, a note attached to a bug is included in the outgoing email. 


---Identifier (ID)
Any column ending with ID will be handled as a reference. Our framework will drop the ID and search for a table with the remaining text. If this table is foreign, a constraint is assumed.
create table Invoice

    ( InvoiceID int autoincrement,
    Invoice varchar(100),
    Created datetime,
    LastModified timestamp,
    Notes text);


create table InvoiceDetail

    (InvoiceDetailID int autoincrement,
    InvoiceDetail varchar(100),
    Created datetime,
    LastModified timestamp,
    Notes text,
    InvoiceID int, - foreign constraint to Invoice table); 